in Iceland today we expect highs of 7
degrees Celsius humidity at 78 and a
chance of rain in Morocco a high of 24
degrees wind 6 miles per hour in France
highs of 20 degrees minimal
precipitation and 1 600 French citizens
will die in the next 24 hours in Estonia
there will be six divorces in Australia
two homicides in Brazil 92 people will
die in road traffic accidents in India
50 people buy gun violence in Poland 13
people by suicide in all 150 000 humans
will die today 27 000 from cancer 21 000
related to tobacco and a heart attack
will occur somewhere every 34 seconds
moving into afternoon globally around
200 million land animals will be
Slaughters primarily that's chickens
ducks and pigs at least one thousand
whales and dolphins will die via bycatch
and habitat loss 55 earthquakes will
occur 65 million tons of fertile land
will be lost to soil erosion 71 000
hectares or 28 000 football fields of
trees will be lost to deforestation 10
000 square kilometers of land lost to
desertification and 27 000 tons of toxic
chemicals will be released into the air
Land and Water by the evening 150
species will have gone extinct and 940
million humans will have spent the day
without electricity with 700 million
humans continuing to live in extreme
poverty three million tons of food will
be wasted or lost that's around a third
of all food produced while 25 000 people
will die of hunger today 93 million tons
of carbon dioxide and one and a half
million tons of methane will be released
into the atmosphere two billion tons of
ice will have melted into the ocean 90
million barrels of oil will have been
pumped six billion globally will have
gone on Military expenditure for the day
while the human population has been
engaged in 40 simultaneous Wars By Night
the moon will have receded from the
earth
0.0041 inches the sun will now have used
51 trillion 840 million tons of hydrogen
in the last 24 hours at a rate of 600
million tons a second with only one one
billionth of that energy actually
reaching the Earth on Neptune we expect
temperatures of minus 225 degrees
Celsius and Winds of 1 600 miles per
hour on Jupiter the great red spots an
anti-cyclonic Vortex will continue to
rage as it has done for the last four
Centuries with wind speeds of 270 miles
an hour on Mercury nothing will happen
on Enceladus nothing will happen 3.7
billion miles from the Sun Pluto will
remain Frozen Barren and dead from the
100 000 galaxies of our Galactic
supercluster laniacaya we expect a
continued and total absence of messages
suggesting intelligence confirming we
are entirely alone with the speed of
light rendering any and all other solar
systems impossibly distant and
inaccessible and in the observable
universe at least
270 million stars will die today
tomorrow morning we expect the world to
be composed of 80 quindicilian molecules
or an 80 followed by 48 zeros and
that'll probably go on through to the
evening Earth's core will remain stable
at a temperature of five and a half
thousand degrees producing a magnetic
field of about 50 microteslas in the Rio
Grande
otters shall be otting in Peru marmosets
will be doing marmoset stuff in
Antarctica a family of emperor penguins
will be taking the day off to enjoy each
other's company in the human Kingdom sex
is likely to occur at least 120 million
times across the Earth tomorrow and
thanks to a year of mutual shyness
coming to an end 119 million of those
instances will be courtesy of a new
couple in Portugal one hundred thousand
weddings will occur 385
000 human babies will be born 20 million
humans will be celebrating their
birthday and 700 million children will
be attending school adjusting for life
expectancy and a growing population
tomorrow 300 000 humans will be
experiencing the best day of their lives
2 billion cups of coffee will be
consumed followed by 500 million liters
of beer 40 million liters of ice cream
and 130 000 bottles of Tabasco at 11 52
am Guido Marconi aged four and a half
will be making his first attempt at
imagining a color that doesn't exist yet
at 1 29 PM Philip Novak aged 51 will be
emptying his attic and find a childhood
toy his father gave him when he was
little at 207 PM Antonio Novak aged 86
will receive an email from his son after
10 years of Silence between them
speaking of forgiveness and asking if
they can reunite the streets of Warsaw
will vibrate with an old man's cheering
for exactly 23 and one-quarter seconds
tomorrow global life expectancy will
increase by 73 days and 126 000 people
will be lifted out of poverty by evening
3 000 books will have been published
four thousand new inventions patented 12
billion phone calls made and 300 billion
emails sent 250 miles overhead the
International Space Station will be
making 16 orbits of the earth 240 000
miles away the lunar reconnaissance
Orbiter will be mapping out the Moon 140
million miles away on Mars the Curiosity
Rover will bravely continue exploring
Gale crater and in interstellar space
the Voyager probes will travel another
million miles from the earth with
greetings intended for alien ears for
the next 1 billion years tomorrow in our
galaxy a new star will be born in the
local galaxies several hundred million
more will be enjoying their first day of
existence The Pillars of Creation will
continue to fluoresce in the Eagle
Nebula and for the next three million
years the black hole at the heart of our
galaxy will remain a safe 27 000 light
years distant it is quite possible that
somewhere amid the quintillions of
planets of the cosmos new life will
begin it is quite possible that
somewhere life will be searching for us
further out into creation dark matter
will continue to matter the Hubble
constants remaining constant the speed
of light remaining fixed in the vacuum
the laws of nature remaining utterly
mysterious omnipotent and absolutes from
tomorrow until the end of Eternity as in
Iceland we'll be expecting highs of 4
degrees humidity of 75 and not even the
slimmest
ounce in of finding out what our
purpose is down here on the planet
and now the sport